README.md, before:

# QuickNovel
Adfree FOSS Android app for downloading novels. It also functions as an Epub reader.

**Discord:** https://discord.gg/5Hus6fM

**Download:** https://github.com/LagradOst/QuickNovel/releases

**Providers used:** 

- https://allnovel.org
- https://annas-archive.org
- https://bestlightnovel.com
- https://freewebnovel.com
- https://graycity.net
- https://hiraethtranslation.com
- https://indowebnovel.id
- https://kolnovel.com
- https://libread.com
- https://meionovels.com
- https://risenovel.com
- https://www.mtlnovels.com
- https://novelbin.com
- https://novelfull.com
- https://novelsonline.org
- https://pawread.com
- https://readfrom.net
- https://readnovelfull.com
- https://www.royalroad.com
- https://sakuranovel.id
- https://www.scribblehub.com
- https://wtr-lab.com

**Screenshoots:**

<img src="./.github/home.jpg" height="400"/><img src="./.github/search.jpg" height="400"/><img src="./.github/downloads.jpg" height="400"/><img src="./.github/result.jpg" height="400"/><img src="./.github/reader.jpg" height="400"/>

**Legal notice:**

Any legal issues regarding the content on this application should be taken up with the actual file hosts and providers themselves as we are not affiliated with them.

In case of copyright infringement, please directly contact the responsible parties or the streaming websites.

The app is purely for educational and personal use.

QuickNovel does not host any content on the app, and has no control over what media is put up or taken down. QuickNovel functions like any other search engine, such as Google. QuickNovel does not host, upload or manage any videos, films or content. It simply crawls, aggregates and displayes links in a convenient, user-friendly interface.

It merely scrapes 3rd-party websites that are publicly accessable via any regular web browser. It is the responsibility of user to avoid any actions that might violate the laws governing his/her locality. Use QuickNovel at your own risk.

Commit message:

Revise README to reflect new QuickNovel features
Updated README with new features and improvements for QuickNovel.

README.md, after:

Essentially i've changed some things to make quicknovel more usable for myself and changed up the theming a little.

Main stuff is
- Extra trash category
- Added Unread only and Completed novels only toggles to sort menu
- Added sort by unread chapters this includes unread chapter count badges in library
- You can pull down in category to refresh data for novels in that category (unread counts, cover images, etc)
- Novel info page now has better download info and can be used offline without having to rely on the Downloads category/section
- Better caching and loading behaviour (faster)

**Screenshoots:**

![Screenshot_20251230_175522_QuickNovel](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f32675d9-b1a1-4958-b8cb-38fa8e8abb72)




# QuickNovel
Adfree FOSS Android app for downloading novels. It also functions as an Epub reader.

**Discord:** https://discord.gg/5Hus6fM

**Download:** https://github.com/LagradOst/QuickNovel/releases

**Providers used:** 

- https://allnovel.org
- https://annas-archive.org
- https://bestlightnovel.com
- https://freewebnovel.com
- https://graycity.net
- https://hiraethtranslation.com
- https://indowebnovel.id
- https://kolnovel.com
- https://libread.com
- https://meionovels.com
- https://risenovel.com
- https://www.mtlnovels.com
- https://novelbin.com
- https://novelfull.com
- https://novelsonline.org
- https://pawread.com
- https://readfrom.net
- https://readnovelfull.com
- https://www.royalroad.com
- https://sakuranovel.id
- https://www.scribblehub.com
- https://wtr-lab.com

**Legal notice:**

Any legal issues regarding the content on this application should be taken up with the actual file hosts and providers themselves as we are not affiliated with them.

In case of copyright infringement, please directly contact the responsible parties or the streaming websites.

The app is purely for educational and personal use.

QuickNovel does not host any content on the app, and has no control over what media is put up or taken down. QuickNovel functions like any other search engine, such as Google. QuickNovel does not host, upload or manage any videos, films or content. It simply crawls, aggregates and displayes links in a convenient, user-friendly interface.

It merely scrapes 3rd-party websites that are publicly accessable via any regular web browser. It is the responsibility of user to avoid any actions that might violate the laws governing his/her locality. Use QuickNovel at your own risk.
